# VehicleParking-management-System
This PHP vehicle parking management system project primarily focuses on keeping track of vehicles. Additionally, the system displays all of the vehicle's entry and exit records. The system also allows the addition of vehicle categories. The project contains only an admin panel. A view of this web application shows that an administrator has total control over the system. An administrator assists in maintaining the system's flow. Administrators can add vehicle categories by providing category names. The admin can simply insert the vehicle's entry after managing the vehicle categories. Here, he/she needs to enter the vehicle's number, model name, category, and owner's information.
Manage Vehicle’s Parking and Parking Receipts
After setting up the vehicle’s parking, now the user can manage outgoing vehicles. The system lists out all the entry and outgoing vehicle records. Here, the user can simply take an action for checking out the parking. In order to exit a vehicle’s parking, the user has to enter the total parking charge with remarks. Once a vehicle exits the parking, those records can be found under the outgoing vehicle records. Here, the system generates invoice receipts for each and every vehicle. The user can view details of each available vehicle. Also, the user can view and print out the parking receipt of each. Each record consists of parking number, total charge, vehicle registration number, owner details, and more.

Reports, Earning Collections and More
On the other hand, an admin can list out the reports between dates. These reports help out to state vehicle’s parking records between the selected dates. The steps are simple, the user only needs to select from and to date. And after that, the system displays it all between those mentioned dates where the user can also view their details. Additionally, the admin can view total earnings to date. And also, the system displays the current date and yesterdays’ total earning. He/she can search out the vehicle’s record using the vehicle’s registration number from the sidebar. Besides, an admin can have an overview records of the total vehicle’s entry with a number of in and out vehicles and total parking within a 24 hours span time. The system represents overall records using graphical charts like piechart to present a summary of records.
